.TH ctl-build-component 1  "September 2013" Linux "User Manuals"

.\"**********************************************************************

.SH NAME
ctl-build-component \- enables easy building of components    
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ctl-build-component
.RB [\| \-h \|]
.RB [\| \-\-pkgversion \|
.IR PKGVERSION \|]
.RB [\| \-\-email \|
.IR EMAIL \|
[EMAIL ...]]
.RB [\| \-u
.IR User \|]
.RB [\| \-\-hostname \|
.IR HOSTNAME \|]
.RB [\| \-p
.IR Port \|]
.IR NAME \|
.IR INTERFACE \|
.IR EXE \|
.IR DESCRIPTION \| 
.\".RB [\| \-\-version \|]
.\" **********************************************************************

.SH DESCRIPTION

.BR ctl-build-component
is a script that helps the ctl developer with building a ctlweb component. All
requirements for a valid ctlweb component are checked and will be bound
together creating a component without any need of a backend script. Easily
portable due to its only usage of the standard python3 api.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
 Prints a help message with all required/optional arguments and their meanings
.TP
.BI  \fB\-\-pkgversion\ \fIPKGVERSION
Specify the version of the ctl component that is served
.TP
.BI  \fB\-\-email\ \fIEMAIL [EMAIL ...]
Specify mail adress/adresses the author can be contacted with
.TP
.BI \-u\ \fIUSER \fR,\ \fB\-\-user\ \fIUSER
Specify the user which shall be accessed. When not given, defaults to the
currently logged in username of the OS of the script-user.
.TP
.BI \fB\-\-hostname\ \fIHOSTNAME
Specify a hostname or an IP-adress where the component should be. When not
given, defaults to the name of the PC.
.TP
.BI \-p\ \fIPORT \fR,\ \fB\-\-port\ \fIPORT
Specify the port to be used for the ssh connection to this component. When not
given, defaults to port 22 (standard ssh port)
.\".TP
.\".BI \-\-version
.\"Prints the installed version of this command

.\".SH FILES

.\".SH ENVIRONMENT

.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS

.\".SH BUGS

.SH AUTHOR
Jörn Hameyer <>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ctl (1),
.BR ctl-component (1),
.BR ctl-genmanifest (1)


